Docs Update (#225)
auth0/express-jwt: README.md

[![Build](https://travis-ci.org/auth0/express-jwt.png)](http://travis-ci.org/auth0/express-jwt)

> This module provides Express middleware for validating and decoding JWTs ([JSON Web Tokens](https://jwt.io)) through the [jsonwebtoken](https://github.com/auth0/node-jsonwebtoken/) module. The decoded information is provided on the Express request object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides Express middleware for validating JWTs ([JSON Web Tokens](https://jwt.io)) through the [jsonwebtoken](https://github.com/auth0/node-jsonwebtoken/) module. The decoded JWT payload is available on the request object.
```

## Install

```
$ npm install express-jwt
```

## Usage

> Basic usage using an HS256 secret:

Reviewer 2: @aarongodin is the default behavior to always inject it as a `user` property in the `request` object or is that something the user can change? If it's cannot be changed, I think it's important to mention that the info is available on `req.user` 🤔

Author: Good point. That is the default behavior, but it is customizable. I made a note about the default behavior below the first example, and I linked to a section heading I created.
